doc: prepare release 4.1.0 (#5276)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

# 4.1.0 / 2022-01-21

### New Features

- Add kanban feature

> - Improvement of the responsive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement of the responsive aspect of the interface
``
(responsive is an adjective)

- News feed reversed
- Calibration of the cover and avatar profile photos
- Improve user's space management for the admin
- Improvement of the call feature (bugfix and polish)
- UI/UX improvement (buttons, redirections)
- Performance improvement: better image and PDF preview generation, loading of space list and user list
- Reactivation of the collabora draw functionality

### Fixed Issues

- Frontend: [#4907](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4907),
[#5136](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5136)
- Backend: [#4483](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4483),
[#4494](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4494),
[#4648](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4648),
[#4718](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4718),
[#4955](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4955),
[#4985](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4985),
[#5008](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5008)

### Breaking/Important change

> - Poppler-utils and webp now need to be present (and qpdf can be gotten rid off) on tracim installations that don't use Docker (pr [#5121](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/pull/5121)),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Poppler-utils and webp now need to be present (and qpdf can be gotten rid off) on Tracim installations that don't use Docker (pr [#5121](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/pull/5121)),
```

> - By default, EPS previews are now deactivated for security reasons, unless you manually activate them. ([see preview generator documentation](https://github.com/algoo/preview-generator#eps-support))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, EPS previews are now disabled for security reasons, unless you manually enabled them. ([see preview generator documentation](https://github.com/algoo/preview-generator#eps-support))
```

- Docker image support for ARM64 ([#3985](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3985))

> - Allow to change space's parent through tracimcli ([#3636](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3636))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow changing the parent of a space through tracimcli ([#3636](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3636))
```

# 4.1.0 / 2022-01-21

### New Features

- New kanban feature
- Improvement of the responsive aspect of the interface
``
(responsive is an adjective)
- News feed reversed
- Calibration of the cover and avatar profile photos
- Improvement of user's space management for the admin
- Improvement of the call feature (bugfix and polish)
- UI/UX improvement (buttons, redirections)
- Performance improvement: better image and PDF preview generation, loading of space list and user list

> - Reactivation of the collabora draw functionality

Reviewer 2: Sort new feature by more important, better on top and less important at the end

Author: What do you think about this order ?

- New kanban feature
- Calibration of the cover and avatar profile photos
- Improvement of user's space management for the admin
- News feed reversed
- Reactivation of the collabora draw functionality
- Improvement of the responsive aspect of the interface
- Improvement of the call feature (bugfix and polish)
- UI/UX improvement (buttons, redirections)
- Performance improvement: better image and PDF preview generation, loading of space list and user list

Reviewer 3: I'd have swap pur ``Reactivation of the collabora draw functionality`` in third position
Like features first, UI second, performances third

Author: - New kanban feature
- Improvement of the responsive aspect of the interface
- News feed now displays newest news first
- Crop feature for the cover and avatar profile photos
- Improvement of user's space management for the admin
- Improvement of the call feature (bugfix and polish)
- UI/UX improvement (buttons, redirections)
- Performance improvements:
  - better image and PDF preview generation
  - loading speed of spaces and users lists
- Reactivation of the draw functionality in the collaborative document

Author: Validated with the rest of the team

> - Reactivation of the collabora draw functionality

Author: Is this better ?

- Reactivation of the draw functionality in the Office Documents

> - Reactivation of the collabora draw functionality

Author: We chose : 
Reactivation of the draw functionality in the collaborative document

### Fixed Issues

- Frontend: [#4907](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4907),
[#5136](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5136)
- Backend: [#4483](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4483),
[#4494](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4494),
[#4648](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4648),
[#4718](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4718),
[#4955](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4955),
[#4985](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4985),
[#5008](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5008)

### Breaking/Important change

> - Poppler-utils and webp now need to be present (and qpdf can be gotten rid off) on Tracim installations that don't use Docker (pr [#5121](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/pull/5121)),

Author: this was a mistake, it is outdated

- By default, EPS previews are now disabled for security reasons, unless you manually enabled them. ([see preview generator documentation](https://github.com/algoo/preview-generator#eps-support))
- Docker image support for ARM64 ([#3985](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3985))
- Allow changing the parent of a space through tracimcli ([#3636](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3636))

> - Improve and add caldav (agenda) ([#2099](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/2099)) and add carddav (adressbook) support ([#1469](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/1469))

Reviewer 2: I not seen link to the migration documentation. What I need to do to upgrade Tracim ?

Author: Is it correct if I add : 

- :warning: You need to migrate your database before running this version. For more information see: [#5118](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5118)

Reviewer: "You need to adjust some settings before running this version"

(nothing actually related to the database needs to be done)

Author: :warning: You need to adjust some settings before running this version. For more information see: [#5118](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5118)

### Known Issues

- Activation/Deactivation of agenda is not properly handled. In some cases you will not be able to remove users from spaces because of this. See workaround in ticket:([#5263]https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5263#issuecomment-1016454036)
- Having special characters breaks the Kanban. See: ([#5220](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5220))

# 4.0.6 / 2022-01-18

### Fixed Issues

> - Backend: [#5253](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5253)

Author: this is outdated, it was a mistake

> # 4.0.5 / 2021-12-29

Reviewer 2: where is 4.0.4 ?

Author: this is outdated, it was a mistake

### Fixed Issues

- CI/tests: [#5212](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5212)

> # 4.0.4 / 2021-12-21- RAW image previews are broken (issue [#5008](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5008))

Author: this is outdated, it was a mistake

# 4.1.0 / 2022-01-21

### New Features

- New kanban feature
- Improvement of the responsive aspect of the interface

> - News feed reversed

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- News feed now displays newest news first.
```

> - Calibration of the cover and avatar profile photos

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Crop feature for the cover and avatar profile photos
```

> - Improvement of user's space management for the admin

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Improvement of users' space management for the admin
```

- Improvement of the call feature (bugfix and polish)
- UI/UX improvement (buttons, redirections)
- Performance improvement: better image and PDF preview generation, loading of space list and user list
- Reactivation of the collabora draw functionality

### Fixed Issues

- Frontend: [#4907](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4907),
[#5136](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5136)
- Backend: [#4483](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4483),
[#4494](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4494),
[#4648](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4648),
[#4718](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4718),
[#4955](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4955),
[#4985](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4985),
[#5008](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5008)

### Breaking/Important change

> - Poppler-utils and webp now need to be present (and qpdf can be gotten rid off) on Tracim installations that don't use Docker (pr [#5121](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/pull/5121)),

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Poppler-utils and webp now need to be present (and qpdf can be gotten rid off) on Tracim installations that don't use Docker (PR [#5121](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/pull/5121)),
```

> - By default, EPS previews are now disabled for security reasons, unless you manually enabled them. ([see preview generator documentation](https://github.com/algoo/preview-generator#eps-support))

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- By default, EPS previews are now disabled for security reasons, unless you manually enable them. ([see preview generator documentation](https://github.com/algoo/preview-generator#eps-support))
```

- Docker image support for ARM64 ([#3985](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3985))

> - Allow changing the parent of a space through tracimcli ([#3636](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3636))

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Allow changing the parent of a space with `tracimcli` ([#3636](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3636))
```

> - Improve and add caldav (agenda) ([#2099](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/2099)) and add carddav (adressbook) support ([#1469](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/1469))

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Improve agenda discovery with caldav ([#2099](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/2099))
- Address book support with carddav ([#1469](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/1469))
```

### Known Issues

> - Activation/Deactivation of agenda is not properly handled. In some cases you will not be able to remove users from spaces because of this. See workaround in ticket:([#5263](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5263#issuecomment-1016454036))

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Activation/Deactivation of agenda is not properly handled. In some cases you will not be able to remove users from spaces because of this. See the workaround in issue:([#5263](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5263#issuecomment-1016454036))
```

> - Having special characters breaks the Kanban. See: ([#5220](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5220))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Having special characters in the kanban title causes the kanban to not load. See: ([#5220](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5220))
```

> - Having special characters in the kanban title causes the kanban to not load. See: ([#5220](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5220))

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Having a double quote (`"`) in a kanban's title causes the kanban to not load. See: ([#5220](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5220))
```

Reviewer 5: `/` too, I think
